README.md, before:

# Crypto Donation Platform

A decentralized application (dApp) for donating Sepolia ETH to charitable organizations.

> **Version 2.0.0** - Now with UUPS upgradeable contracts and version tracking!

## Features

- **Donate ETH** - Send Sepolia ETH directly to verified charities
- **Pre-loaded Charities** - 1 initial charity ready for donations
- **Propose Charities** - Anyone can propose new charities for approval
- **Multi-admin Governance** - Multiple administrators can manage proposals and contract settings
- **Upgradeable Contract** - UUPS proxy-based architecture allowing for safe contract upgrades
- **Version Tracking** - V2 contract includes version tracking (`getVersion()`)
- **Leaderboard** - Track top donors on the platform
- **Transaction History** - View all donations via events
- **Security** - Reentrancy protection, AccessControl (Roles), and UUPS Proxy

## Project Structure

```
Crypto-Donation-Platform/
├── contracts/
│   ├── CharityDonation.sol       # V1 implementation (base contract)
│   └── CharityDonationV2.sol     # V2 implementation (adds version tracking)
├── frontend/
│   ├── index.html                # Web interface
│   ├── styles.css                # Theme styling
│   ├── app.js                    # ethers.js integration
│   └── contract-abi.json         # Contract ABI (auto-generated)
├── scripts/
│   ├── deploy_proxy.js           # Deploys the initial V1 proxy
│   └── upgrade_contract.js       # Upgrades proxy to V2
├── deployments/                  # Deployment records and proxy addresses
├── test/
│   ├── CharityDonation.test.js   # V1 contract tests
│   └── CharityDonationV2.test.js # V2 upgrade tests
├── docker/
│   └── nginx.conf                # Nginx configuration
├── Dockerfile                    # Multi-stage Docker build
├── docker-compose.yml            # Docker Compose configuration
├── hardhat.config.js             # Hardhat configuration
├── package.json                  # Node.js dependencies
└── .env.example                  # Environment template
```

## Quick Start

### Run with Docker (Recommended)

Start all services with Docker Compose:
```bash
# Start Docker daemon first (may need sudo)
sudo systemctl start docker

# Build and run all services
docker compose up --build
```

This starts:
- **Hardhat Node** on `http://localhost:8545`
- **Frontend** on `http://localhost:3000`

Open **http://localhost:3000** in your browser to use the dApp!

To stop:
```bash
docker compose down
```

### NPM Scripts

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `npm run compile` | Compile all Solidity contracts |
| `npm run test` | Run all tests (V1 + V2) |
| `npm run node` | Start a local Hardhat node |
| `npm run deploy:local` | Deploy V1 proxy to localhost |
| `npm run deploy:sepolia` | Deploy V1 proxy to Sepolia |
| `npm run upgrade:local` | Upgrade to V2 on localhost |
| `npm run upgrade:sepolia` | Upgrade to V2 on Sepolia |

---

## Upgrading to V2

The contract uses the **UUPS (Universal Upgradeable Proxy Standard)** pattern. This allows you to upgrade the contract logic without changing the proxy address or losing any data.

### How to Upgrade

To upgrade an existing V1 deployment to V2:

```bash
# Local Hardhat
npm run upgrade:local

# Sepolia Testnet
npm run upgrade:sepolia
```

### What the Upgrade Script Does

1. **Loads the existing proxy address** from `deployments/`
2. **Deploys the new V2 implementation** contract
3. **Calls `upgradeProxy()`** to swap the logic
4. **Verifies by calling `getVersion()`** - returns "v2.0.0"
5. **Updates the frontend ABI** with V2 functions

### V2 New Features

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `getVersion()` | Returns the hardcoded version string "v2.0.0" |
| `contractVersion()` | State variable for custom version string |
| `setVersion(string)` | Admin-only: set a custom version |

### Important Notes

- **Admin Required**: Only addresses with `ADMIN_ROLE` can authorize upgrades
- **Data Preserved**: All donations, charities, and proposals remain intact
- **Same Address**: Users continue using the same proxy address

---

## Local Development with Hardhat

If you want to test transactions locally without deploying to Sepolia:

### Step 1: Force Local Hardhat Mode

By default, Docker uses your Sepolia deployment if it exists. To force local mode:

```bash
# Temporarily rename the Sepolia config
mv frontend/contract-abi.sepolia.json frontend/contract-abi.sepolia.json.bak

# Start Docker (will deploy to local Hardhat)
docker compose up --build
```

### Step 2: Add Hardhat Network to MetaMask

1. Open MetaMask → Click network dropdown → **Add Network**
2. Enter these settings:

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Network Name | Hardhat Local |
| RPC URL | `http://localhost:8545` |
| Chain ID | `31337` |
| Currency Symbol | ETH |

### Step 3: Import a Test Account

Hardhat provides pre-funded test accounts. Import one into MetaMask:

1. When Docker starts, you'll see accounts in the terminal:
   ```
   Account #0: 0xf39Fd6e51aad88F6F4ce6aB8827279cffFb92266 (10000 ETH)
   Private Key: 0xac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80
   ```

2. In MetaMask → Click account → **Import Account**
3. Paste the private key
4. Click **Import**

> **Note**: These are test accounts with fake ETH. Never use these private keys on mainnet!

### Step 4: Restore Sepolia Mode

When done testing locally:

```bash
mv frontend/contract-abi.sepolia.json.bak frontend/contract-abi.sepolia.json
docker compose down && docker compose up
```

---

## Deploy to Sepolia (Public Testnet)

This section explains how to deploy your contract to the real Sepolia testnet so anyone in the world can interact with it.

### Prerequisites

- [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/) browser extension
- Node.js and npm installed
- Some Sepolia testnet ETH (free, see below)

### Step 1: Get Sepolia ETH (Free)

You need testnet ETH to pay for gas fees. Get it from a faucet:

| Faucet | URL | Notes |
|--------|-----|-------|
| Google Cloud | https://cloud.google.com/application/web3/faucet/ethereum/sepolia | Requires Google account |
| Alchemy | https://sepoliafaucet.com | Requires Alchemy account |
| Infura | https://www.infura.io/faucet/sepolia | Requires Infura account |

> **Tip**: Copy your MetaMask wallet address and paste it into the faucet. You'll receive 0.1-0.5 Sepolia ETH, which is more than enough for deployment.

### Step 2: Get an RPC URL

You need an RPC endpoint to connect to Sepolia. Choose a provider:

**Alchemy (Recommended)**:
1. Go to https://alchemy.com and create a free account
2. Create a new app → Select **"Ethereum"** → **"Sepolia"**
3. Copy the HTTPS URL (looks like `https://eth-sepolia.g.alchemy.com/v2/YOUR_API_KEY`)

**Infura (Alternative)**:
1. Go to https://infura.io and create a free account
2. Create a new project → Select "Web3 API"
3. Copy the Sepolia endpoint

### Step 3: Export Your Private Key from MetaMask

> ⚠️ **SECURITY WARNING**: Never share your private key. Never commit it to git. Only use a wallet with testnet ETH for development.

1. Open MetaMask in your browser
2. Click the three dots (⋮) next to your account name
3. Click **"Account details"**
4. Click **"Show private key"**
5. Enter your MetaMask password
6. Copy the private key (without the `0x` prefix)

### Step 4: Configure Your .env File

```bash
# Copy the example environment file
cp .env.example .env
```

Edit `.env` with your real values:

```env
# Your RPC URL from Alchemy or Infura
SEPOLIA_RPC_URL=https://eth-sepolia.g.alchemy.com/v2/YOUR_API_KEY

# Your wallet private key (WITHOUT 0x prefix)
PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key_here

# Optional: For contract verification on Etherscan
ETHERSCAN_API_KEY=your_etherscan_api_key
```

### Step 5: Deploy the V1 Proxy

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Compile contracts
npm run compile

# Deploy to Sepolia
npm run deploy:sepolia
```

You should see output like:
```
✅ CharityDonation Proxy deployed successfully!
Proxy Address: 0x1234...
Implementation Address: 0x5678...
Admin address: 0xYOUR_ADDRESS
```

> **Save these addresses!** The Proxy Address is what users will interact with.

### Step 6: Upgrade to V2 (Optional)

After deploying V1, you can upgrade to V2 to enable version tracking:

```bash
npm run upgrade:sepolia
```

You should see:
```
✅ CharityDonation upgraded to V2 successfully!
Contract Version: v2.0.0
```

### Step 7: Verify on Etherscan (Optional)

Verification makes your source code public and allows users to interact with your contract directly on Etherscan.

1. Get an Etherscan API key from https://etherscan.io/myapikey
2. Add it to your `.env` file
3. Run verification:

```bash
npx hardhat verify --network sepolia <IMPLEMENTATION_ADDRESS>
```

Once verified, view your contract at:
`https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/YOUR_PROXY_ADDRESS`

### Step 8: Use the Frontend with Sepolia

After deployment, the `contract-abi.sepolia.json` file is automatically created in your `frontend/` folder.

1. Open the frontend at `http://localhost:3000` (or serve it)
2. Switch MetaMask to **Sepolia Test Network**
3. Connect your wallet
4. Start donating with real Sepolia ETH!


---

## Smart Contract Reference

### CharityDonation.sol (V1)

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `donate(charityId)` | Send ETH to a charity |
| `proposeCharity(name, description, wallet)` | Propose a new charity |
| `approveCharity(proposalId)` | Admin: approve proposal |
| `rejectCharity(proposalId)` | Admin: reject proposal |
| `withdrawFunds(charityId)` | Charity: withdraw funds |
| `toggleCharityStatus(charityId)` | Admin: activate/deactivate charity |
| `getCharities()` | Get all charities |
| `getActiveCharities()` | Get only active charities |
| `getDonorLeaderboard(limit)` | Get top donors |
| `getRecentDonations(limit)` | Get recent donations |
| `isOwner(address)` | Check if address is admin |

### CharityDonationV2.sol (V2)

Inherits all V1 functions, plus:

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `getVersion()` | Returns "v2.0.0" |
| `contractVersion()` | Custom version string (state variable) |
| `setVersion(string)` | Admin-only: set custom version |

### Events

| Event | Parameters |
|-------|------------|
| `DonationReceived` | donor, charityId, amount, timestamp |
| `CharityProposed` | proposer, name, wallet, proposalId |
| `CharityApproved` | charityId, name, wallet |
| `CharityRejected` | proposalId, name |
| `FundsWithdrawn` | charityId, recipient, amount |
| `CharityStatusChanged` | charityId, isActive |
| `VersionUpdated` | oldVersion, newVersion (V2 only) |

---

## Governance & Multi-admin

The platform uses OpenZeppelin's **AccessControl** for decentralized governance.

### Roles

| Role | Permissions |
|------|-------------|
| `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` | Super-admin. Can grant/revoke any role. |
| `ADMIN_ROLE` | Approve/reject proposals, toggle charity status, authorize upgrades. |

### Add an Admin

```javascript
const ADMIN_ROLE = ethers.keccak256(ethers.toUtf8Bytes("ADMIN_ROLE"));
await charityDonation.grantRole(ADMIN_ROLE, "0xNEW_ADMIN_ADDRESS");
```

Or via Etherscan: **Contract** → **Write as Proxy** → `grantRole`

---

## Security Features

- **Reentrancy Guard** - Prevents reentrancy attacks on `donate()` and `withdrawFunds()`
- **Checks-Effects-Interactions** - State updates before external calls
- **Access Control** - Role-based permissions for admin functions
- **UUPS Proxy** - Upgrades require admin authorization via `_authorizeUpgrade()`

### Pull over Push Pattern

Instead of automatically sending donations to charities, funds accumulate in the contract. Charities must manually withdraw their funds:

1. Connect MetaMask with the charity's registered wallet address
2. Click **"Withdraw Funds"** on your charity card
3. Confirm the transaction

This prevents reentrancy attacks and ensures reliable donation processing.

---

## Troubleshooting

### MetaMask Nonce Issues

If you restart Hardhat node, MetaMask may have stale transaction data:

1. Open **MetaMask** → **Settings** → **Advanced**
2. Click **"Clear activity tab data"**

### Wrong Network Error

If you see "CALL_EXCEPTION" or "Connection Failed":
- Switch MetaMask to the correct network (Sepolia or Hardhat Local)
- Ensure the RPC URL is accessible

### "GoChain Testnet" Warning

When adding Chain ID `31337`, MetaMask may suggest "GoChain Testnet". This is a known ID collision with Hardhat. Simply rename it to "Hardhat Local".

---

## Technology Stack

| Component | Technology |
|-----------|------------|
| Smart Contracts | Solidity ^0.8.22 (Upgradeable) |
| Development | Hardhat + OpenZeppelin Upgrades |
| Frontend | HTML, CSS, JavaScript |
| Blockchain Library | ethers.js v5 |
| Governance | Multi-admin AccessControl |
| Upgrade Pattern | UUPS (Universal Upgradeable Proxy Standard) |
| Network | Ethereum Sepolia Testnet |
| Containerization | Docker + Docker Compose |

Commit message:

feat: Deploy contract to Sepolia testnet, update frontend ABI, and configure OpenZeppelin manifest.

README.md, after:

# Crypto Donation Platform

A decentralized application (dApp) for donating Sepolia ETH to charitable organizations.

> **Version 2.0.0** - Now with UUPS upgradeable contracts and version tracking!

## Features

- **Donate ETH** - Send Sepolia ETH directly to verified charities
- **Pre-loaded Charities** - 1 initial charity ready for donations
- **Propose Charities** - Anyone can propose new charities for approval
- **Multi-admin Governance** - Multiple administrators can manage proposals and contract settings
- **Upgradeable Contract** - UUPS proxy-based architecture allowing for safe contract upgrades
- **Version Tracking** - V2 contract includes version tracking (`getVersion()`)
- **Leaderboard** - Track top donors on the platform
- **Transaction History** - View all donations via events
- **Security** - Reentrancy protection, AccessControl (Roles), and UUPS Proxy

## Project Structure

```
Crypto-Donation-Platform/
├── contracts/
│   ├── CharityDonation.sol       # V1 implementation (base contract)
│   └── CharityDonationV2.sol     # V2 implementation (adds version tracking)
├── frontend/
│   ├── index.html                # Web interface
│   ├── styles.css                # Theme styling
│   ├── app.js                    # ethers.js integration
│   └── contract-abi.json         # Contract ABI (auto-generated)
├── scripts/
│   ├── deploy_proxy.js           # Deploys the initial V1 proxy
│   └── upgrade_contract.js       # Upgrades proxy to V2
├── deployments/                  # Deployment records and proxy addresses
├── test/
│   ├── CharityDonation.test.js   # V1 contract tests
│   └── CharityDonationV2.test.js # V2 upgrade tests
├── docker/
│   └── nginx.conf                # Nginx configuration
├── Dockerfile                    # Multi-stage Docker build
├── docker-compose.yml            # Docker Compose configuration
├── hardhat.config.js             # Hardhat configuration
├── package.json                  # Node.js dependencies
└── .env.example                  # Environment template
```

## Quick Start

### Run with Docker (Recommended)

Start all services with Docker Compose:
```bash
# Start Docker daemon first (may need sudo)
sudo systemctl start docker

# Build and run all services
docker compose up --build
```

This starts:
- **Hardhat Node** on `http://localhost:8545`
- **Frontend** on `http://localhost:3000`

Open **http://localhost:3000** in your browser to use the dApp!

To stop:
```bash
docker compose down
```

### NPM Scripts

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `npm run compile` | Compile all Solidity contracts |
| `npm run test` | Run all tests (V1 + V2) |
| `npm run node` | Start a local Hardhat node |
| `npm run deploy:local` | Deploy V1 proxy to localhost |
| `npm run deploy:sepolia` | Deploy V1 proxy to Sepolia |
| `npm run upgrade:local` | Upgrade to V2 on localhost |
| `npm run upgrade:sepolia` | Upgrade to V2 on Sepolia |

---

## Upgrading to V2

The contract uses the **UUPS (Universal Upgradeable Proxy Standard)** pattern. This allows you to upgrade the contract logic without changing the proxy address or losing any data.

### How to Upgrade

To upgrade an existing V1 deployment to V2:

```bash
# Local Hardhat
npm run upgrade:local

# Sepolia Testnet
npm run upgrade:sepolia
```

When you move from Hardhat to Sepolia, you need to modify the .env file and change the private key, Metasmask network, clear the cache, and refresh the page.

### What the Upgrade Script Does

1. **Loads the existing proxy address** from `deployments/`
2. **Deploys the new V2 implementation** contract
3. **Calls `upgradeProxy()`** to swap the logic
4. **Verifies by calling `getVersion()`** - returns "v2.0.0"
5. **Updates the frontend ABI** with V2 functions

### V2 New Features

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `getVersion()` | Returns the hardcoded version string "v2.0.0" |
| `contractVersion()` | State variable for custom version string |
| `setVersion(string)` | Admin-only: set a custom version |

### Important Notes

- **Admin Required**: Only addresses with `ADMIN_ROLE` can authorize upgrades
- **Data Preserved**: All donations, charities, and proposals remain intact
- **Same Address**: Users continue using the same proxy address

---

## Local Development with Hardhat

If you want to test transactions locally without deploying to Sepolia:

### Step 1: Force Local Hardhat Mode

By default, Docker uses your Sepolia deployment if it exists. To force local mode:

```bash
# Temporarily rename the Sepolia config
mv frontend/contract-abi.sepolia.json frontend/contract-abi.sepolia.json.bak

# Start Docker (will deploy to local Hardhat)
docker compose up --build
```

### Step 2: Add Hardhat Network to MetaMask

1. Open MetaMask → Click network dropdown → **Add Network**
2. Enter these settings:

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Network Name | Hardhat Local |
| RPC URL | `http://localhost:8545` |
| Chain ID | `31337` |
| Currency Symbol | ETH |

### Step 3: Import a Test Account

Hardhat provides pre-funded test accounts. Import one into MetaMask:

1. When Docker starts, you'll see accounts in the terminal:
   ```
   Account #0: 0xf39Fd6e51aad88F6F4ce6aB8827279cffFb92266 (10000 ETH)
   Private Key: 0xac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80
   ```

2. In MetaMask → Click account → **Import Account**
3. Paste the private key
4. Click **Import**

> **Note**: These are test accounts with fake ETH. Never use these private keys on mainnet!

### Step 4: Restore Sepolia Mode

When done testing locally:

```bash
mv frontend/contract-abi.sepolia.json.bak frontend/contract-abi.sepolia.json
docker compose down && docker compose up
```

---

## Deploy to Sepolia (Public Testnet)

This section explains how to deploy your contract to the real Sepolia testnet so anyone in the world can interact with it.

### Prerequisites

- [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/) browser extension
- Node.js and npm installed
- Some Sepolia testnet ETH (free, see below)

### Step 1: Get Sepolia ETH (Free)

You need testnet ETH to pay for gas fees. Get it from a faucet:

| Faucet | URL | Notes |
|--------|-----|-------|
| Google Cloud | https://cloud.google.com/application/web3/faucet/ethereum/sepolia | Requires Google account |
| Alchemy | https://sepoliafaucet.com | Requires Alchemy account |
| Infura | https://www.infura.io/faucet/sepolia | Requires Infura account |

> **Tip**: Copy your MetaMask wallet address and paste it into the faucet. You'll receive 0.1-0.5 Sepolia ETH, which is more than enough for deployment.

### Step 2: Get an RPC URL

You need an RPC endpoint to connect to Sepolia. Choose a provider:

**Alchemy (Recommended)**:
1. Go to https://alchemy.com and create a free account
2. Create a new app → Select **"Ethereum"** → **"Sepolia"**
3. Copy the HTTPS URL (looks like `https://eth-sepolia.g.alchemy.com/v2/YOUR_API_KEY`)

**Infura (Alternative)**:
1. Go to https://infura.io and create a free account
2. Create a new project → Select "Web3 API"
3. Copy the Sepolia endpoint

### Step 3: Export Your Private Key from MetaMask

> ⚠️ **SECURITY WARNING**: Never share your private key. Never commit it to git. Only use a wallet with testnet ETH for development.

1. Open MetaMask in your browser
2. Click the three dots (⋮) next to your account name
3. Click **"Account details"**
4. Click **"Show private key"**
5. Enter your MetaMask password
6. Copy the private key (without the `0x` prefix)

### Step 4: Configure Your .env File

```bash
# Copy the example environment file
cp .env.example .env
```

Edit `.env` with your real values:

```env
# Your RPC URL from Alchemy or Infura
SEPOLIA_RPC_URL=https://eth-sepolia.g.alchemy.com/v2/YOUR_API_KEY

# Your wallet private key (WITHOUT 0x prefix)
PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key_here

# Optional: For contract verification on Etherscan
ETHERSCAN_API_KEY=your_etherscan_api_key
```

### Step 5: Deploy the V1 Proxy

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Compile contracts
npm run compile

# Deploy to Sepolia
npm run deploy:sepolia
```

You should see output like:
```
✅ CharityDonation Proxy deployed successfully!
Proxy Address: 0x1234...
Implementation Address: 0x5678...
Admin address: 0xYOUR_ADDRESS
```

> **Save these addresses!** The Proxy Address is what users will interact with.

### Step 6: Upgrade to V2 (Optional)

After deploying V1, you can upgrade to V2 to enable version tracking:

```bash
npm run upgrade:sepolia
```

You should see:
```
✅ CharityDonation upgraded to V2 successfully!
Contract Version: v2.0.0
```

### Step 7: Verify on Etherscan (Optional)

Verification makes your source code public and allows users to interact with your contract directly on Etherscan.

1. Get an Etherscan API key from https://etherscan.io/myapikey
2. Add it to your `.env` file
3. Run verification:

```bash
npx hardhat verify --network sepolia <IMPLEMENTATION_ADDRESS>
```

Once verified, view your contract at:
`https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/YOUR_PROXY_ADDRESS`

### Step 8: Use the Frontend with Sepolia

After deployment, the `contract-abi.sepolia.json` file is automatically created in your `frontend/` folder.

1. Open the frontend at `http://localhost:3000` (or serve it)
2. Switch MetaMask to **Sepolia Test Network**
3. Connect your wallet
4. Start donating with real Sepolia ETH!


---

## Smart Contract Reference

### CharityDonation.sol (V1)

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `donate(charityId)` | Send ETH to a charity |
| `proposeCharity(name, description, wallet)` | Propose a new charity |
| `approveCharity(proposalId)` | Admin: approve proposal |
| `rejectCharity(proposalId)` | Admin: reject proposal |
| `withdrawFunds(charityId)` | Charity: withdraw funds |
| `toggleCharityStatus(charityId)` | Admin: activate/deactivate charity |
| `getCharities()` | Get all charities |
| `getActiveCharities()` | Get only active charities |
| `getDonorLeaderboard(limit)` | Get top donors |
| `getRecentDonations(limit)` | Get recent donations |
| `isOwner(address)` | Check if address is admin |

### CharityDonationV2.sol (V2)

Inherits all V1 functions, plus:

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `getVersion()` | Returns "v2.0.0" |
| `contractVersion()` | Custom version string (state variable) |
| `setVersion(string)` | Admin-only: set custom version |

### Events

| Event | Parameters |
|-------|------------|
| `DonationReceived` | donor, charityId, amount, timestamp |
| `CharityProposed` | proposer, name, wallet, proposalId |
| `CharityApproved` | charityId, name, wallet |
| `CharityRejected` | proposalId, name |
| `FundsWithdrawn` | charityId, recipient, amount |
| `CharityStatusChanged` | charityId, isActive |
| `VersionUpdated` | oldVersion, newVersion (V2 only) |

---

## Governance & Multi-admin

The platform uses OpenZeppelin's **AccessControl** for decentralized governance.

### Roles

| Role | Permissions |
|------|-------------|
| `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` | Super-admin. Can grant/revoke any role. |
| `ADMIN_ROLE` | Approve/reject proposals, toggle charity status, authorize upgrades. |

### Add an Admin

```javascript
const ADMIN_ROLE = ethers.keccak256(ethers.toUtf8Bytes("ADMIN_ROLE"));
await charityDonation.grantRole(ADMIN_ROLE, "0xNEW_ADMIN_ADDRESS");
```

Or via Etherscan: **Contract** → **Write as Proxy** → `grantRole`

---

## Security Features

- **Reentrancy Guard** - Prevents reentrancy attacks on `donate()` and `withdrawFunds()`
- **Checks-Effects-Interactions** - State updates before external calls
- **Access Control** - Role-based permissions for admin functions
- **UUPS Proxy** - Upgrades require admin authorization via `_authorizeUpgrade()`

### Pull over Push Pattern

Instead of automatically sending donations to charities, funds accumulate in the contract. Charities must manually withdraw their funds:

1. Connect MetaMask with the charity's registered wallet address
2. Click **"Withdraw Funds"** on your charity card
3. Confirm the transaction

This prevents reentrancy attacks and ensures reliable donation processing.

---

## Troubleshooting

### MetaMask Nonce Issues

If you restart Hardhat node, MetaMask may have stale transaction data:

1. Open **MetaMask** → **Settings** → **Advanced**
2. Click **"Clear activity tab data"**

### Wrong Network Error

If you see "CALL_EXCEPTION" or "Connection Failed":
- Switch MetaMask to the correct network (Sepolia or Hardhat Local)
- Ensure the RPC URL is accessible

### "GoChain Testnet" Warning

When adding Chain ID `31337`, MetaMask may suggest "GoChain Testnet". This is a known ID collision with Hardhat. Simply rename it to "Hardhat Local".

---

## Technology Stack

| Component | Technology |
|-----------|------------|
| Smart Contracts | Solidity ^0.8.22 (Upgradeable) |
| Development | Hardhat + OpenZeppelin Upgrades |
| Frontend | HTML, CSS, JavaScript |
| Blockchain Library | ethers.js v5 |
| Governance | Multi-admin AccessControl |
| Upgrade Pattern | UUPS (Universal Upgradeable Proxy Standard) |
| Network | Ethereum Sepolia Testnet |
| Containerization | Docker + Docker Compose |
